suddenly his wife and child were dead
the feud was about to begin how this
whales to kingdom come
that what you did here today I've got to
kill that man he left a run for it now
and he'll it's where he said it Clint
Eastwood is the Outlaw Josey Wales
well not a hard man to track these dead
men where we go the other way I get to
like it someone made around long I
noticed when you get to disliking
someone laying around for longing was
the one that everyone so scared of Anna
we got the Josey Wales Abe we got reward
money coming here wanted Wales
you body hunter he's got to do something
for a living these days dyin ain't much
of a living boy he was out for revenge
and they were out for his blood and when
you're an outlaw there's no turning back
you're all alone now Wales
he lives by the gun he lives by his word
and he lives for revenge he's an army of
one Clint Eastwood is the outlawed Josey
Wales